# calculator
Problem:
Need to figure out how to store numbers that are input into the calculator and also store the operator. Used empty arrays to store numbers and another empty array to store the oprators. Made a function operation(arr) {} to dump the stored values and the operators, used for loop and arr.reduce to apply operator to the array of values using template literals ${}
Redone the code: store numbers or operators clicked into a single array. Made a function joined(array) to turn the array into a string and pushed to operateValue array. Then items in operateValue acts as parameter to operate() function which does the calculation based on parameters. operateValue[0] would be first number, operateValue[1] would be operator and operateValue[2] would be the second number
Problem: Display would not show answers if more than one calculation is conducted. This was because I forgot to clear the operateValue array
Problem: Can't do more than one calculation if "=" used. This was because I joined an empty storedNum array to operateVaue which would still add an empty space as an item in operatorValue and messes up operate() parameters. Fix: made a typeof array[0] === "number" conditional to joined(array) therefore if there is a non-number in storedNum, it would not execute the code where items in storedNum gets transferred to operateValue
Problem: Calculations with floating numbers does not give accurate results, this was because I used parseInt() on the operateValue items which, by default, rounds the numbers to the nearest whole number
